this week in training before I came in
to the first session today I was very
apprehensive one leg longer than the
other notice we definitely come into
place as you close it to show time but
she knows how to perform so don't think
we've that kind of nerves I think we
nervous nervous energy for wanting to
get it right but close I think losing
Jimmy was pretty tough on herself I
don't think I'll need a bit beat up but
I think she wants to be good I think she
has no problem with saying I want to be
good which a lot of people do
it's said there's no need for me to be
tough as long as I'm here giving my best
to her hopefully she'll get there and
push yourself all the way through rather
than just turning sickly arm out right
you know dance and pick things up like
that you know people who have had
training they brain what's in a certain
way I'm really slow and I get nothing
all this is gonna take me forever but
then my food grains and do a set me so
we could do that and I go oh my god this
is this is why I want to do it this is
why I'm here done all you really want
from this the program is enthusiasm from
your you know whoever you're working
with to come on excited about learning
and excited about doing something which
i think is you know very very special
strictly to me is is such a big part of
my life and the Flair improves that and
it makes my job coming coming in either
day but much easier